docs: update readme getting started instructions (#29)
gemini-cli-extensions/spanner: README.md

## Troubleshooting

* "✖ Error during discovery for server: MCP error -32000: Connection closed": The database connection has not been established. Ensure your configuration is set via environment variables.

> * "✖ MCP ERROR: Error: spawn /Users/<USER>/.gemini/extensions/cloud-sql-sqlserver/toolbox ENOENT": The Toolbox binary did not download correctly. Ensure you are using Gemini CLI v0.6.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "✖ MCP ERROR: Error: spawn /Users/<USER>/.gemini/extensions/spanner/toolbox ENOENT": The Toolbox binary did not download correctly. Ensure you are using Gemini CLI v0.6.0+.
```
